despacito
Come on over in my direction
So thankful for that, it's such a blessin', yeah
Turn every situation into Heaven, yeah
Oh, you are
My sunrise on the darkest day
Got me feelin' some kind of way
Make me wanna savor every moment slowly, slowly
You fit me, tailor-made love, how you put it on
Got the only key, know how to turn it on
The way you nibble on my ear, the only words I wanna hear
Baby take it slow so we can last long
Now who?
Who will your arms lie to now? 
Who will your lips lie to now? 
Who will you say "I love you" to, and later in silence will give your body to. 
Who will stop time over his pillow, will spend a thousand hours in your stare, will live his life loving you.
Who now?
And who will write letters and poems for you? 
Who will tell you about his errors and fears? 
Who will you let fall asleep on your back, and later in silence you'll tell him "I love you". 
Who's breath will stop over your face, will loose his path in your eyes, and will forget his life while loving you. 
Who now?
Who now if it's not me. 
I see myself in the mirror and I feel stupid, illogical, and then I imagine you giving away the smell of your skin, your kisses, your eternal smile, even the soul in a kiss. 
In a kiss goes the soul. 
And in my soul is the kiss that could have been. 
Who's bed will smell like you? 
Who will have the memory tomorrow? 
Who's hours will go by slowly, and then later, in silence will desire your body. 
Who's time will stop on his face, will spend a thousand hours by the window, and will exhaust his voice calling you. 
Who now?  Who now?
Who now if it's not me. 
I see myself in the mirror and I feel stupid, illogical, and then I imagine you giving away the smell of your skin, your kisses, your eternal smile, even the soul in a kiss. 
In a kiss goes the soul. 
And in my soul is the kiss that could have been.
The singer
I'm the singer 
You all have come to listen to, today 
I'll perform the best in my repertoire 
For you all 
And I sing to life 
About laugh and sorrow 
About bad moments 
And about good things 
You came to have fun 
And you all paid the fee at the entrance 
There's no time for sad things 
Come on, singer, begin now! 
Eh le leee! le lee!
I'm always stopped in the street 
By many people that say 
"Hey Hector, you are lucky, 
You are always surrounded by women and in parties" 
And no one asks 
If I suffer, If I cry 
If maybe there's a sorrow 
That's hurting me deeply 
I'm the singer 
Because singing is what I do best 
And the public pays 
In order to listen to me 
I'm the singer 
Really popular wherever I go 
But when the show ends 
I'm just another human 
And I continue my life 
With laughs and sorrows 
With bitter moments 
And with good things 
My business is to sing 
And to those who follow me, 
I will give them my song 
Today, my best songs go for you! (3x) 
I'm better than those from yesterday, just compare me to them, you nitpickers! 
Today, my best songs go for you! 
If you don't love me while I'm alive, don't cry for me when I die! 
Today, my best songs go for you! 
I'll sing you about life, forget your sorrows and your pain! 
Today, my best songs go for you! 
Dance if you want to dance, sing if you want to sing, mama 
Today, my best songs go for you! 
I'm the singer, let's celebrate, I don't want sad things, singing is what I do best 
Today, my best songs go for you! 
The mountain song, now that was a real song 
Today, my best songs go for you! 
Oh le lo la laaa, a la laa laaa ! 
Listen to my song that goes 
Lo le lo la le lo la le la laaa laaaa!